and it's good night to all of you Brasília, October 10th, so 9:00 am São Paulo, rectifying
we are in são paulo a little makes people here from the investment forum where
investors from around the world attended this we did with 10
minutes we had the price of the box here pedro guimarães o roberto campos
of the central bank banco brasil terminal was practically the cream of
investors and a little bit were present because Brazil I think he
regained confidence, it's different from the time ago when socialism spoke
very strong in here especially in the economy we regain confidence
we are showing the whole world that brazil has changed and really thanks
logically by the team of ministers and in the special case, right, everything inside the house
our official banks here that I go from the box on the part of Paulo Guerra
and pedro plays time right i accidentally the united states right my you like it
you believe me at that time
market in the 1990s and at that time you spoke of this
our side yet and 2017 in the end paulo guedes joined ours in our team
and we started to work together and he changed my mind a lot of people are
people evolve ok there are people who will die right stay with that little sign runs the
all the time denies used to live without work will end up put who wants to live
without working it is because I live the work of others I’m getting tired of working
in a little while everyone is out of work and how much is the salary in the
$ 20 vat here works Monday through Saturday to Sunday you like I have
of that there is no word there is no democracy, right, as I have payment, how many
parliamentarians are 612 more than the Brazilian congress the already democracies the
car crowd there we go in the oven here a lot treated the numbers
good morning has been present we must end the year with inflation
below the target average we have five and a half of the selic rate is fast and the
life here that he tends to the economy or at least so there is not even the
possibility also using with four and a half there are each percent in the rate
I will pay you the next year, right, minus 40 billion reais Now let's go
you always say right some of that or bad lowers the selic rate plus the check
special a cow how much is the overdraft month
the 1499 savings box went to when 8/90 currently how to round
us percent per month is high very high but the average of other banks is
while even if you were fifteen percent cashier, you are not a customer of
cash comes to cash you also like it you like so overdraft right i never
I entered within my time that she lieutenant captain desert for him to speak
who was a deputy is president no you don't need that time never never
I resorted there if we needed power, even using we have only one thing that
has an important bank of mathematics bank of all Brazilians and banks of
humbler people we made this reduction and we will not lose money you
it is very important that you pay the client, come on, it’s another thing that I’m going to
talk about the guarantee fund for length of service fgts datafolha spoke
that only 45 to act that same only 45 percent well to
the first installment was for the people who are customers of the savings account, so
membership hit hit 99 point 12 percent now will enter the staff who
not a customer the second step logically i think this price i just
will fall a lot but even if it falls a lot staying presents sixty per
percent store that has to stay weighted average I don't know how many
customers are the most not from the box or outside but the average will be much above
45 percent stick data sheet seventy percent there data sheet if I
believe the people who are without you I would not be president of the one who would lose
for everyone in the second round the shame datafolha working well that
I have good news on the sheet because it is
is the interest of the silver house everybody wants to have their own house many times the
sea ​​food to the citizen takes a loan and will end up late right but
interest how much is the beginning of the year in
cashier was ten eleven percent decreased by 8:30 and now there are 76
right and a half percent a year a year and every mathematical reduction from the central bank
we will do the calculation at the federal savings bank earning money and
giving back to society and home interest reduction measure will follow
a reduction in interest on credit on the spot and there is no interference from the
republic with the federal savings bank and he takes these initiatives and
analyzes the risks and is doing my best to understand here an excellent job that
the numbers are there overdraft I swear to leave my own home this is very
even another thing about three months collection I invited the leadership
right, it's a union right in the lottery world
lotteries from brazil it was brasilia who was going to talk to him they went and have a
surprise i took pedro some to work inside the box some my
also spoke to us we want to know what you need where you are pressing the
car and be surprised I didn’t know what to say go there I’m taking advantage of
opportunity is about three months old they presented their
claims the half dozen in front of him that we have accounts six every
claims to this problem is that if the accounts lottery are more sings my
another 70 thousand tec how many percent of these accounts for example go through
lottery president excellent asks more than half of the 26 thousand points of
box sale are from lottery is a very important thing thirty percent
of the payment of the fgts will be for an account of up to 100 reais all will be paid in
lottery to our expectation and bona non-customers more than half
paid by lottery players they are fundamental for savings
federal and it is for very good job is
it really is a job here it takes work I follow up I have a relative who moves
with lottery in the countryside of são paulo the work really is manual that has to
be careful, you know, because you didn't give it, it wasn't easy and they were really upset
before your management of the new cash management including next month and the
invitation to you will be the first event with the lotteries the 250 best
bank math lottery and 250 best savings bank manager
two days in são paulo in atibaia and if you can i know that
your schedule is very complex but we have a video everyone thanking you that
it was the first time that they went to the plateau palace so it's just for
thank you sir they are very happy i spoke schedule sunday now if
god willing in the morning we will leave for japan
the king's enthronement then come on china our biggest trading partner
qatar saudi arabia and arab emirates should last your trip which i believe that
11 days outside of brazil the world all pedro you who are from this area right you want
do a business that brazil others the key word is what trust is us
we are really regaining our confidence with the outside world with
who accesses lost that has been lost over 20 years and today has a
news here that for the love of god, look how the company is, right?
united states i had there twice i talked with trump both times outside
from brazil i also had a quick chat with him our entry for the cd is
the first time I had trampi and that support immediately I didn’t give
now it doesn’t depend only on him that he has to look for all of us for all
countries that there has to be unanimity the first one who changed health a trip
it was the israel of benjamin nathaniel captain of the army is also right and
so our team then worked until we practically
getting there only two countries were on the Argentine front and
good romania and what happens look this was more
once and released today and what the press presents is
all look just this time the leaf did the right thing and look only the leaf was right
congratulations foil hopefully that is the beginning of many hits there said is that we
here that agreement of mine the trump he ignored eduardo bolsonaro took a rasteira
my language of the pleasure company took a trip so much so much so much to
critical right but in fact it’s just one Argentine thing it’s Romanian in front
are at the front now we don't want to hope that anybody there stays for
behind and they make the country from south america and another from europe are doing
terrorism the argentina hope argentina darkly correctly its
president on the occasion of the elections now at the end of october we hope
let that gang not come back right the dilma and squid of the deceased keys is that
some hot place isn’t alive around there is another mature or fidel castro this
that class from the sao paulo forum i hope argentina chooses correctly her
hi president and she remains a great is
partner of ours and here my regret of January i'm going to
put a piece of paper on my desk here the united states issues a note on it
is the american embassy watzapwueb entrance from brazil does not budge but says that
it must happen in rhythm the controlled rhythm is not arrived
you make a selection and the selection is dropper for exactly that slu o
country 500 right he buys everything that is in the status of oceania is because
they can't go wrong and brazil will come its time now brazil tried to
2017 is not not to enter from today to tomorrow it takes more than a year to enter and
it didn’t work was the present understand Brazil started to have problems this was
cooled down now the pt government wouldn't even try to see it succeed
no way so this cdf collection is more than explained
we remain firm and strong and if god wants a year from now a year and
little this we will be there if god wants anything you inside is not
important but it is also important today we had several conversations with the
lord of sides even in the united states and a senator at the tomato lunch who
it is very important without a doubt but the initiatives of the lord of the minister
Paulo Guedes and making bilateral agreements in economic terms is sensational and I
hadn't seen yet is a forum of such international interest was
surprising a surprising more present but this demonstrates with solid is
these expectations and fundamentals of the economy I had five bilateral ones still
and and the confidence of brazil has in the scope
I'm very happy with that. Paulo Guedes is going to say that in our
our commander in the economy next year there begins to work there our
military college of são paulo is not yet it is in the place that we want right and that already
if your documentation is already advanced enough to start construction
next year begins entering the milestone camp at the military college and the name o
biggest of Brazil and São Paulo is to be congratulated there to know college thing
military, but where it starts to work, so there are few students, it’s more
embryonic you sp me and tomorrow has a police graduation
military of são paulo just over 500 sergeant transforming
698 700 is already the fourth time that I will attend at 10 am and put the audio
there you see deputy gil postman react he informs neyviton cellphone tomorrow to
giving a hug cannot be everyone is some more policemen is a matter of honor and
satisfaction with the president, right, it's like it was in the past, too, sometimes that I
opinion while parliamentary deputy say last week with the
rodrigo maia making the bed he is the owner of the lack in parliament has helped
enough to vote next week the agreement between brazil and the united states in the
car launch center of alcantara increase the select group of countries that
least until 20 years stopped by ideological position and the pt government never
she never accepted that with an American she wanted to know that it was her secrecy in her
than I was dancing the government pt wanted to see everything ended up not seeing anything ok
hi and this market reserve really who asks to have access that the guy is
launching will not be able to really did not get this thing ever there
the head but it's one thing let's get a little bit of fake news here just one
little bit of week only brasiliense mail after bolsonaro pension plan
talk about a ministerial reform then you will read the article look at the joke who's
doing the matter second thing beauty paulo war of the economy and onyx of the house
civil reforms in general the seven ministries account of liar right being
changed the ministers one of the exchanged civilian house then he who was
working to make a republic where he was going to lose the ia lost the
ministry really run presidency for the love of god huh come on more
some fake news from bolsonaro and maya kelly end of server stability
and it is a lie I of media matter rodrigo
but it also denied what our government is studying is the end of stability
for those who enter the service after the enactment of the amendment with sonal is this
who is upset who is in the public service landfill one day of service
will not be affected but with the intention and to play the server of Brazil all against
our whole time like that in another matter here the são paulo sheet
ex-aide implies minister of bolsonaro and box 2 of psl for the love of
god within half a dozen of September last year right until the end of the elections
second round I was at the hospital or at home with the colostomy bag of the
side I didn’t use a penny from the party fund about 10 million
the total was one billion seven hundred million club the psl 10 million I used
I made a kitty we did gave about 4 million we spent two to
the other half we tried to donate to the holy house of the judge where I went to save
my life will make a hug for all of you health first to god later
of you, right, and this resource ended up, with the stoppage party not
allowed is now I did box two look what happened that
this is the federal police chief in and that question for the guy not that
resource that would be box two was used in Pedro’s campaign and repositioned and
said I think yes ready stamped me in the process that's it is cowardice who
did without credit then acted in bad faith or zeze to use I think this question you
do the dam guy and put it there ok i will not talk here other things are not
irritate the land but the intention is not to reach the minister marcelo botanico
I do not know if he is guilty if he is innocent for what I know so far to exaggeration nor
quiet I know so far we will wait for the process to unfold
it is an exaggeration but the intention is not marcelo wants to place it is me jair bolsonaro
is the guild returned there as corrupt the owner
there in orangery, rio de janeiro is that you accused me of 3
oranges we will see in her accountability if I am not mistaken each one
received three women R $ 2,500 and the orangery 2,500 is because the party that
I was not the party of this new one for each of those three single currency for
to be able to pay the accountant ah ok but the company does not put the value
same thing minas gerais don't put the value
hello alright let's continue here look fake news bolsonaro promised to live
would choose the next pgr ask me how i told him one
day when I always said that everyone for everyone, you know, I have the right to give my opinion
joão pedro joaquim maria ok everyone has an opinion the decision element has as
you you there they put there was something sounding just him now is the is the man of the pgr is
independent as it always has to be the attorney general's office that
I talked a lot with him about the economic guidelines that he already acted in that way
him now what he can do so that the
a certain guy is prosecutors act with more tranquility as you do leave
environmental except it will do it also does not dominate there is a barracks there
pgr perished the boss is not a barracks has a prosecutors there a lot of autonomy
now I didn't promise anyone that he would choose the step until today I never spoke
with the eye here look and continuing here now terrible here
the same day was são paulo federal government spending on advertising grows
and down there another matter bandnews reduction of sixty percent in relation
to the first quarter 2018 spending on print advertising at the cemetery and so
we reduced 91 to the box of 91 this is also the question of the package
then the measures of so publicity the anti-crime package he dominates sérgio moro
bolsonaro says it suspends advertising of anti-crime package of
Moorish I participate in the event for the launch of advertising pieces
a few days after I said, you know how to hear the clue that the tcu asks for
that song speak so the text is either ask or if an injunction goes we lose
but you also have a mini index to eliminate you in the buildings, right here in a
savings bank and will wait for the end of that process, it's right to put it in my
account one participates in the launch there after a few days later I said that
I will suspend and will intention to play against the fat is
I stayed with you now I forgive the attack government wants to free resources
from fgts to all banks is but the government did not feel a name
who is a ruler who spoke president jb minister paulo guedes did not speak of
no one running I say cashier wants to do this from the cashier
want to do it there now this measure if it was true do you think
would bring benefits or not it is for special special those people who
I seek is your home in the program my home my life or basic sanitation
especially for the North and Northeast regions, especially because the banks
the private ones can do like the financial people and basically who does the
nation federal savings bank I think it goes down to help more banks are you
name of the banks here i think their intention could invest more in
southeast in that area and forgetting the north and northeast even because the box is present
is in more than 5,400 municipalities the majority of private banks will be in
good so even if they want they managed to achieve such a layoff is
times here on the 20th of May coming back to the real cdl is director of
the cd is to propose the entry of argentina and romania before brazil and here i have already been
são paulo a was são paulo published the right story I don't know if she published
also on the table beautiful too many organs lend but it is here and the secretary of the
the cdf guarantees brazil's negotiations to enter the select group of oceania and
ending today I had at the newspaper são paulo must an interview
last week that they published on Sunday is the one who read liked nothing about
wrong in the magazine nothing was in the capped congratulations is são paulo and he has my
invitation to visit the newsroom here in são paulo we are already here I also went because
my cousin and then I delivered the newspaper is a 32
copies the other center remember if it was the bus san miguel archangel aviation nine
of July here to get on the other side missing one o'clock in the afternoon it had not
newspaper on Monday is a six days a week that wore the newspapers and the
I was also a contributor to the Estado de São Paulo newspaper that I used to make words
crossed and rescued them in their early twenties is my publications I remember when
the newspaper would arrive, right? I'll send me the correspondence, send it by
the word used and explained the week later on average then when I
my name arrived was jair m bolsonaro the other side of paulista knocked on the door all
world to a land there in the hometown which is the name of our city there so the
very cool moment today I went back 50 and a few years and Portuguese right
I teach to be good ah I'm using 48 I'm getting it already
used a little bit older here 64 public education was of quality
and the opposite was a shame private education so when a father spoke
you go to a private school, ashamed of it, and didn’t teach anything
particular I had gone to come in to spend
oh and i had difficulty in portuguese and with the money i earned i
fished on average twice a week sometimes up to 30 dragging half a net
midnight until 6 am in the parts of the beaches there of the river ribeira de
iguape taking there I know a waterfall in the region is to align is a castle
is a whiter, more full-bodied cascudo because taking the heart of palm out of the sea too
eye caught stuck right environmental crime taking the passion fruit also a little black sweet thing
wonderful of her color where's the [ __ ] on the loaded account loaded according to her
is when the helium bald is now just liked to make the helium goes to the
china wesley goes to china with me i said
even with a problem just you do it like that no one will find you in the crowd
hahaha thanks thanks a hug a hug a hug he is from the state
from sao paulo nor did it take all that time there does not get a wonderful picture for the
next to the hen the book is also very happy I'm talking to the
president of da of the of the state of são paulo and made available to them the
there's a hurt a press everybody knows this because nobody is immune and
nobody wants to stop being criticized now when like ah you saw it here but
it doesn’t hurt he’s not doing the right thing
so sleeping has insomnia problem already personal doubt came at dawn you
travel advisor not your own there some responds average there five people and has
property of the respond is today the guy spoke a man there from
the theme we see lelé I remembered the name of the guy
movies that in that is a movie that I saw you a lot there i'm going to turn on the movie already
arrived at a session Friday night Saturday and Sunday after the other time
you will see if who had it in three and always hoping for the deferential end
and it was that reel film and the film that was most recent and at the box office it’s hum
people of the jungle today I don't remember son santo antonio da silva and lena hahaha it's the
gang vibrated cinema the alligator get close to the spawned bring here ok
gabriel is not he walked and when he already wanted to open his mouth he got there and
that rubber alligator was back, he went there to see brave hahaha a childhood
quite innocent of us, right, it’s good to remember that kind of remembrance with
the crossword puzzles today I even asked if I’m paying you said you don’t
had I was going to start earning a buck at the cemetery são paulo
good just from the president I'm complaining about not not paying a lot is
much better the whole camera is 90 in the post that we in the salary apply
no don't ask if there is anything left it is not right she correctly applies refuse
one more thing sorry great thank you president and
the employee was here does not speak does not speak has to find never said
with this moment it is evangelical lucas quotes a passage from the bible that most marked
you the game talking talking talking and
oh hello thanks thanks thanks i'm very thankful pedro turned on until it's a week
to put in the middle east, right? We’re going to make a force here so you can
tell you what's hot you send another one here
thanks Fabio thank you the other week that they are going to put in the area there is not everything to
keep informed thank you good night i'm here in são paulo or hit a
chat with friends here and prepare for graduation but guys let's
celebrate our open military police that you are not apparent friend is on
military police if you have slack tomorrow we will arrive tomorrow saw it will take
our strength is our warmth our sign of recognition for work
that the military police in são paulo does as well as the military police from all over the world
Brazil a hug there until next week